Update Ember release instructions to cover tool-new-release (#50)
ember-learn/handbook: ember-releases/tool-new-release.md

# tool-new-release process

> At the moment the tool only handles minor version bumps and requires the user to specify the version, like so:
> 
> ```bash
> tool-new-release --version 3.24.0
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, the tool only handles minor version bumps and requires you to specify the version:

```bash
# Going from 3.23 (current) to 3.24 (new)
tool-new-release --version 3.24.0
```

> To start the release process using `tool-new-release`, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the release process using `tool-new-release`:
```

1. Go to the [releases page](https://github.com/ember-learn/tool-new-release/releases)

> 2. Find the most recent draft

Reviewer: Initially, I wasn't sure what you meant by "draft" until I clicked on the link in step 1.

After the sentence for step 2, I think (1) highlighting the word "draft" in bold, and (2) attaching a screenshot would help a person who is new to making a release:

 ```suggestion
2. Find the most recent **draft**

    <img alt="description of screenshot" src="link to uploaded screenshot">
```

> 3. Expand the "Assets" panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Expand the **Assets** panel
```

4. Download the binary that corresponds to your operating system

> 5. Run the binary
> 5.1. If you are on macOS you will need to right-click and "Open" the binary to get around the security check, since the binary is not signed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the binary. If you are on macOS, you will need to right-click and "Open" the binary to get around the security check (the binary is not signed).

    <img width="900" alt="On Mac, right-click on the binary file and click Open" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16869656/104086195-ed305e80-5255-11eb-97e1-00388e2ba85c.png">
```

Author: Thanks for the image!

> 6. Follow the instructions presented carefully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Carefully follow the instructions presented in the terminal
```

> For more detailed information refer to the [README](https://github.com/ember-learn/tool-new-release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about tool-new-release, please see [README](https://github.com/ember-learn/tool-new-release).
```
